The road without real grace is not shallow.
I have known you for so long, and you have not given me a good face.
Then I'm honored.
This blessing is necessary.
No, he has to stay away from him.
I also want to sell my hand to him as a doorknob haha
In that case.
I'll toast you both.
Celebrate making new friends
Interesting to hear.
Hurry up, this keyboardist is not the navigator.
Miss Lin is so beautiful.
Do you have a boyfriend?
No, would Master Tang want to introduce me?
I mean, let's see what you like.
What if someone is like you?
I like music and dancing.
Coincidentally, I love singing and rapping.
Also, watch some things that are not suitable for children haha
Young master Ha Tang, you are so annoying, Tang Yu.